Add relevant screenshots to UG (#276)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-F11-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

    </p>
</div>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ![Clients](images/command-screenshots/client_view.png) 

>  ![Country](images/command-screenshots/country_note_view.png)

Reviewer: Should this be Country Notes instead of country?

## Quickstart

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source:** Please refer to the [Introduction to UI](#appendix-a---introduction-to-the-ui) if you're  trying TBM out for the first  time.

Reviewer: Theres an extra space between first and time, and also between you're and trying

1. Navigate to the directory that the application file was downloaded to. To start the application:

    1. Double click on the `TBM.jar` file and the application will start shortly.

    1. Alternatively, open any shell terminal in the current directory and run the command `java -jar TBM.jar`.

Now that you have started **_TBM_**,

1. Type any command in the command box and press Enter to execute it.

1. ***(Recommended for new users)*** The [`help`](#Viewing-help-help) command will show a help page of some commonly
 used commands to fully utilise **_TBM_**.

   * ***Either*** press the **F1** key on your keyboard, ***or*** type the **`help`** command in the command box and

>     press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>

Reviewer: Not sure if the triple * is intentional? But it seems to give the same result as **_, (italics + bold) which I think is clearer, since triple * and double * look too similar

Author: It was intentional and I think this is pretty nitty-gritty but I've changed it 👍

### Viewing help: `help`

Shows commonly used commands for **_TBM_** in a new help window. Pressing Esc will close this window.

> ![help window](./images/command-screenshots/help_window.png)

Reviewer 2: Should this be moved to the appendix as well? Then a link to it with "new help window". It seems out of place now compared to the other commands,

### Viewing a client: `client view`

Views the client specified by the `INDEX` parameter.
<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> **:information_source:** Please refer to the [this](#view-for-client) if you need to be re-acquainted with the UI for client related commands

Reviewer 2: Link doesn't seem to work on your website.

### Saving data

Your data is automatically saved after every change. The file is saved in the ubiquitous `.json` format, which
allows you to edit the file manually without even opening **TBM** up.

> The location for this file is `./data/tbmManager.json` (indicated at the bottom left of the window), where the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The location for this file is `./data/tbmManager.json` (indicated at the bottom left of the application), where the
```

>  `.` represents the directory where you have saved `TBM.jar`. Here's a snippet of this editable text file:

Reviewer: I think the standardization for the md files is to not have line breaks unless the actual line is 2 lines, since word wrap can already do this kind of line wrapping for you

```json5
{
  "clients" : [ {
    "name" : "Alex Yeoh",
    "phone" : "87438807",
    "email" : "alexyeoh@example.com",
    "address" : "Blk 30 Geylang Street 29, #06-40",
    "country" : "SG",
    "timezone" : "GMT+8",
    "contractExpiryDate" : "21-4-2022",
    "lastModifiedInstant" : "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "clientNotes" : [ {
      "contents" : "Wants to take his wife to Norway for New Years' Day",
      "countryCode" : "NULL_CC",
      "tags" : [ "romantic", "holidayPlans", "travel" ]
    } ]
  } ]
  . . . 
}
```

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source:** Tweaking this file should be done <strong><i>only</i></strong> if you're familiar with JSON

> . If you're new to JSON, <a href="https://www.json.org/json-en.html">here's</a> a good place to learn more.

Reviewer: same for these lines, and many other lines in the file

**TAG** | `t/` | Tags names should be alphanumeric and have a maximum of 45 characters. <br> e.g. `t/important`
**SUGGESTION_TYPE** | `by/` | Suggestion types can only be either `available`, `contract` or `frequency`. <br> e.g. `by/available`
**INDEX** | - | Index is a number greater than 0 that is based on the numberings beside each client or note. <br> e.g. `1` would refer to the first client or note.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Appendix A - Introduction to the UI

### Start Page

The diagram below shows the key UI elements of TBM upon first start-up.

![Annotated UI Default Page](images/command-screenshots/UI_annotated.png)

> * **Command Box** allows you to input  commands in their correct syntax to interact with TBM.

Reviewer: extra space

> * **Command Box** allows you to input  commands in their correct syntax to interact with TBM.

Reviewer 2: Technically you can input commands in incorrect syntax.

> * **Client List Panel** will always allow you to view your client's information at a go. It's scrollable so that you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Client List Panel** will always allow you to view your clients' information at a go. It's scrollable so that you 
```

never have to worry about not being able to see all your important clients at a single glance!

> * **Client Card** will show you brief information a particular client. 

Reviewer: about a particular client*

* **Result Display** will show you the output of executing your command.
    * It indicates successful commands.
    
    * On the off-chance there's a syntax issue, TBM will remind you of the correct syntax it expects, something like this:
 
     ![Result Display slowing error message](images/command-screenshots/result_display_error_syntax.png)
     

> * **Generic Widget View Box** is aptly named because it shall spawn *Client Cards* or *Country Cards* when

Reviewer: I don't think spawn is the right word to use here. Also, we shouldn't put `generic widget view box` in our user guide. Something like display panel would be more appropriate

Author: changed to Render and changed annotation

>  relevant commands are sent. Initially it will show you your local time, to the precise second and your own location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 relevant commands are sent. Initially it will show you your local time to the precise second, as well as your current location.
```

   
     

### UI when Viewing Clients

The diagram below is what you should see upon viewing a particular client (i.e. firing up the command `client view 1

> `). It shows how to identify a particular  client's  `CLIENT_INDEX`, and an  associated note's `CLIENT_NOTE_INDEX`.

Reviewer: extra spaces at 3 locations

![Annotated Client View UI Layout](images/command-screenshots/client_view_annotated.png)

Here, the **Client Card** displaying the note that's tagged as `hobbies` is referred to by the `CLIENT_INDEX` of `1`.

> Being able to identify these is key to adding, deleting and editing client notes as well as editing clients.

Reviewer 2: This part should be made clearer with use of actual names in the diagram. The "Client Card" as mentioned above refers to the display on the right but it's mentioned here to be "displaying the note".

Author: Will add the labels of `Country Note Card` and `Client Note Card` and make that reference

### UI when Viewing Country

Similarly, `COUNTRY_NOTE_INDEX` can be identified like so by referring to the index indicated on the **Country Card**:

> ![Annoted Country View UI Layout](./images/command-screenshots/country_note_view_annotated.png)

Reviewer: I think the `./` should be removed, so that it matches other urls

<p align="center">
   <strong><i>{End of Appendix A, please return to the <a href="#table-of-contents">Table of Contents</a> } </i
   ></strong> 

> </p>

Reviewer: I think we're standardizing using ** for strong and _ for italics. Btw, don't break the html tags

Author: Had no idea md syntax worked within HTML tags 👍

> 

Reviewer: there's a lot of random new lines in this file, would be better to remove them
